---
page_title: "mcahr_resource Resource - terraform-provider-mcahr"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  NVIDIA Mission Control autonomous hardware recovery resource. A server or compute resource in the system (e.g. host, pod, container).
---

# mcahr_resource (Resource)

Resources are the infrastructure objects managed by NVIDIA Mission Control autonomous hardware recovery.  A Resources refers to a specific host, pod, or container throughout the NVIDIA Mission Control autonomous hardware recovery platform. It may also refer to a more distinct entity, such as a virtual machine or a database instance.

Resources types are platform and provider agnostic. So whether it's a fleet of pods and containers in Kubernetes, stand-alone hosts, or many virtual machines, NVIDIA Mission Control autonomous hardware recovery can control those Resourcess within AWS, GCP, or Azure.

-> NVIDIA Mission Control autonomous hardware recovery Resources are not to be confused with Terraform resources.

## Required Properties

- name - A unique name for the Resource resource.
- value - A valid Op statement that defines a valid Resource query.

## Usage

NVIDIA Mission Control autonomous hardware recovery Resources are effectively aliases for more complex Resource queries.  For example, the following definition creates a custom Resource called `az_k8s` as an alias for the full query to target Kubernetes pods on Azure:

```tf
resource "mcahr_resource" "az_k8s" {
  name        = "${var.namespace}_az_k8s"
  value       = "hosts | k8s=true | cloud_provider='azure' | pods | namespace=[\"${var.namespace}\"]"
  description = "All NVIDIA Mission Control autonomous hardware recovery Kubernetes pods on Azure"
}
```

-> See the NVIDIA Mission Control autonomous hardware recovery Resources documentation for more info.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name/symbol for the object within Shoreline and the op language (must be unique, only alphanumeric/underscore).
- `value` (String) The Op statement that defines a Metric or Resource.

### Optional

- `description` (String) A user-friendly explanation of an object. Defaults to ``.
- `params` (List of String) Named variables to pass to an object (e.g. an Action).

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `type` (String) The type of object (i.e., Alarm, Action, Bot, Metric, Resource, or File).