---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "shoreline_system_settings Resource - Shoreline"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  System-level settings. Note: there must only be one instance of this terraform resource named 'system_settings'.
---

# shoreline_system_settings (Resource)

System-level settings. Note: there must only be one instance of this terraform resource named 'system_settings'.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name/symbol for the object within Shoreline and the op language (must be unique, only alphanumeric/underscore). For system_settings, this must be 'system_settings'.

### Optional

- `administrator_grants_create_user` (Boolean) If administrator is allowed to grant create user permissions.
- `administrator_grants_create_user_token` (Boolean) If administrator is allowed to grant create user token permissions.
- `administrator_grants_read_user_token` (Boolean) If administrator is allowed to grant read user token permissions.
- `administrator_grants_regenerate_user_token` (Boolean) If administrator is allowed to grant regenerate user token permissions.
- `allowed_tags` (List of String) Set of allowed tags.
- `approval_allow_individual_notification` (Boolean) If approval individual notifications are allowed.
- `approval_editable_allowed_resource_query_enabled` (Boolean) If approval editable allowed resource query is enabled.
- `approval_feature_enabled` (Boolean) If the approval feature is enabled.
- `approval_optional_request_ticket_url` (Boolean) If approval request ticket URL is optional.
- `environment_name` (String) The environment name.
- `environment_name_background` (String) The background color for the environment name.
- `external_audit_storage_batch_period_sec` (Number) External audit storage batch period in seconds.
- `external_audit_storage_enabled` (Boolean) If external audit storage is enabled.
- `external_audit_storage_type` (String) The type of external audit storage.
- `maintenance_mode_enabled` (Boolean) If maintenance mode is enabled.
- `managed_secrets` (String) The type of managed secrets.
- `parallel_runs_fired_by_time_triggers` (Number) Number of parallel runs fired by time triggers.
- `param_value_max_length` (Number) Maximum length for parameter values.
- `run_approval_expiry_time` (Number) Run approval expiry time in minutes.
- `runbook_ad_hoc_approval_request_enabled` (Boolean) If runbook ad-hoc approval requests are enabled.
- `runbook_approval_request_expiry_time` (Number) Runbook approval request expiry time in minutes.
- `skipped_tags` (List of String) Set of skipped tags.
- `time_trigger_permissions_user` (String) The user for time trigger permissions.
